updated README.md (#61)
RedHatInsights/ros-frontend: README.md

# Resource Optimization Service (Frontend)

Resource Optimization is a service aimed to provide existing Red Hat Enterprise Linux customers with an ability to grasp control over their investment in the Public Cloud. Read more about it [here](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/optimize-public-cloud-workloads-rhel-red-hat-insights-resource-optimization)

# Prerequisites

### Install

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

# Setup Development Environment

> 1. To get started with Resource Optimization Service (ROS), make sure you meet the prerequisites mentioned in both ros frontend and backend repos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you meet the prerequisites mentioned in both frontend and backend repositories
```

I understand that repos is a short form of repositories. In my opinion here it's good to mention full word i.e `repositories`

2. Clone all required repositories in one folder:

- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-frontend.git

> - git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend.git

Reviewer: As you are giving reference of ros backend repo, will it make sense to swap between these two steps.
ie. first clone repositories and then follow pre-requisites for both ros-frontend & ros-backend repositories.

> 2. Clone all required repositories in one folder:
> 
> - git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome.git
> - git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy.git
> - git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-frontend.git
> - git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend.git
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Clone below repositories:

- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-frontend.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend.git

Note that below file paths are based on assumption that all repositories are cloned in same folder.
```

3. To run the whole dev setup, you will need to run commands in multiple terminal tabs.

> [TAB 1] i.e for insights-proxy -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TAB 1] Insights Proxy TAB -
```

Follow steps from [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-frontend-storybook/blob/master/src/docs/welcome/quickStart/DOC.md#proxy)
i.e

```
cd ../insights-proxy
npm install
sudo bash scripts/patch-etc-hosts.sh
bash scripts/update.sh

```

> [TAB 2] i.e for insights-chrome -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TAB 2] Insights Chrome TAB -
```

Wait for insights-proxy to finish update script then follow steps from [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-frontend-storybook/blob/master/src/docs/welcome/quickStart/DOC.md#chrome)
i.e

```
cd ../insights-chrome
npm install
npm run build
Open new tab [TAB 3]: ie. for ros-frontend
cd ../ros-frontend
Make sure current directory is `ros-frontend`
(In case of local ros-backend server) Add route change in the file `ros-frontend/profiles/local-frontend.js` after `routes[`/apps/${APP_ID}`]` i.e

    routes['/api/ros/v0']                = { host: 'http://localhost:8000' };
    routes['/api/inventory/v1']          = { host: 'http://localhost:8001' };

```

Go to [TAB 1] :
Make sure current directory is `insights-proxy`
Run command -

```
SPANDX_CONFIG=../ros-frontend/profiles/local-frontend.js sh scripts/run.sh

```

> [TAB 3] i.e for ros-frontend -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TAB 3] ROS Frontend TAB -
```

Wait till the above steps finish their execution.

```
cd ../ros-frontend
npm install
npm run start
```

> 4. Follow the steps mentioned in the [ros-backend repo](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend) for setting up local ros-backend server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Follow the steps mentioned under the [ros-backend](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend) repository for setting up local backend server.
```

> 5. After both frontend & backend setup, go to browser and access it using https://ci.foo.redhat.com:1337/insights/ros link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once both frontend & backend setup is up and running, go to browser and access it using https://{ci/qa}.foo.redhat.com:1337/insights/ros link.
```

# Running the Tests

> ### Tests are run on every PR and can locally be executed with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tests can locally be executed with:
```

```
npm run test
```

###  Few tests are [Snapshot tests](https://jestjs.io/docs/snapshot-testing) used to verify that current test output matches a snapshot taken before. If these changes are legitimate, the snapshots need to be updated with:

```
npm run test -- -u
```

# Running the lint

```
// to run lint
npm run lint

// to fix lint errors
npm run lint:js:fix

```

# Deployment

> Please refere this [link](https://clouddot.pages.redhat.com/docs/dev/getting-started/deploying-frontend.html) for the deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer this [link](https://clouddot.pages.redhat.com/docs/dev/getting-started/deploying-frontend.html) 
```

As you already mentioned section name as `Deployment` and no other details are present except this link so I think you can make this statement shorter :)

# Resource Optimisation Service (Frontend)

Resource Optimization is a service aimed to provide existing Red Hat Enterprise Linux customers with an ability to grasp control over their investment in the Public Cloud. Read more about it [here](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/optimize-public-cloud-workloads-rhel-red-hat-insights-resource-optimization) and go though the confluence section(check below section) for more details on same.

> # Getting Started:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Getting Started
```

> Please refer [Resource Optimization Service Confluence](https://docs.engineering.redhat.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=ROS&title=Resource+Optimization+Service+Home) (requires VPN)) page to find all documents related to the project

Reviewer 2: Should we avoid using internal reference links here? Thoughts @kgaikwad ?

# Prerequisites

### Install

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

> ### Make sure to have test account created in CI, QA, Staging envrionments. For more details please check [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1XcbAplLOerPXaEF8DYgS336xwdfUuiUPXGXtuBfk1oY/edit?usp=sharing)

Reviewer 2: Ditto. This is an internal/private link too.

Reviewer: Yes, this step should be present in internal documentation.

> # Steps: Local Dev Setup (Frontend)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Setup Development Environment
```

i.e

```
cd ../insights-proxy
npm install
sudo bash scripts/patch-etc-hosts.sh
bash scripts/update.sh

```

[TAB 2] i.e for insights-chrome -
Wait for insights-proxy to finish update script then follow steps from here - https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-frontend-storybook/blob/master/src/docs/welcome/quickStart/DOC.md#chrome
i.e

```
cd ../insights-chrome
npm install
npm run build
Open new tab [TAB 3]: ie. for ros-frontend
cd ../ros-frontend
Make sure current directory is `ros-frontend`
(In case of local ros-backend server) Add route change in the file `ros-frontend/profiles/local-frontend.js` after `routes[`/apps/${APP_ID}`]` i.e

    routes['/api/ros/v0']                = { host: 'http://localhost:8000' };
    routes['/api/inventory/v1']          = { host: 'http://localhost:8001' };

```

Go to [TAB 1]:
Make sure current directory is `insights-proxy`
Run command -

```
SPANDX_CONFIG=../ros-frontend/profiles/local-frontend.js sh scripts/run.sh

```

[TAB 3] i.e for ros-frontend -
Wait till the above steps finish their execution.

```
cd ../ros-frontend
npm install
npm run start
```

> 4. follow the steps mentioned in the [ros-backend repo](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend) for setting the local ros-backend server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Follow the steps mentioned in the [ros-backend repo](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend) for setting up local ros-backend server.
```

5. After both frontend & backend setup, go to browser and access below link https://ci.foo.redhat.com:1337/insights/ros

# Running the Tests

## Tests are run on every PR and can locally be executed with:

```
npm run test
```

> ##  Few of the tests are [Snapshot tests](https://jestjs.io/docs/snapshot-testing), which verify that current test output matches a snapshot taken before. If these changes are legitimate the snapshots need to be updated with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##  Few tests are [Snapshot tests](https://jestjs.io/docs/snapshot-testing) used to verify that current test output matches a snapshot taken before. If these changes are legitimate, the snapshots need to be updated with:
```

# Resource Optimization Service (Frontend)

Resource Optimization is a service that can help you optimize your public cloud workloads on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL). Read more about it [here](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/optimize-public-cloud-workloads-rhel-red-hat-insights-resource-optimization)

## Prerequisites

### Install

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

## Setup Development Environment

1. Clone below repositories:

> 

Reviewer 3: Since these are valid commands, we may show them in monospace code?

Author: @gnurag make sense, updated!

- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-frontend.git
- git clone https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend.git

Note that below file paths are based on assumption that all repositories are cloned in same folder.

2. Make sure you meet the prerequisites mentioned in both frontend and backend repositories.

3. To run the whole dev setup, you will need to run commands in multiple terminal tabs.

[TAB 1] Insights Proxy TAB -
Follow steps from [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-frontend-storybook/blob/master/src/docs/welcome/quickStart/DOC.md#proxy)
i.e

```
cd ../insights-proxy
npm install
sudo bash scripts/patch-etc-hosts.sh
bash scripts/update.sh

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove this extra line.

Author: updated @gnurag

```

[TAB 2] Insights Chrome TAB -
Wait for insights-proxy to finish update script then follow steps from [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-frontend-storybook/blob/master/src/docs/welcome/quickStart/DOC.md#chrome)
i.e

```
cd ../insights-chrome
npm install
npm run build

> Open new tab [TAB 3]: ie. for ros-frontend

Reviewer 3: This line is not code. Perhaps it can be a new section, since it talks of Tab 3?

Author: @gnurag  removed it from code and added it as separate text 👍🏻

cd ../ros-frontend
Make sure current directory is `ros-frontend`
(In case of local ros-backend server) Add route change in the file `ros-frontend/profiles/local-frontend.js` after `routes[`/apps/${APP_ID}`]` i.e

    routes['/api/ros/v0']                = { host: 'http://localhost:8000' };
    routes['/api/inventory/v1']          = { host: 'http://localhost:8001' };

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove the extra line. Some monospace text formatting may be done.

```

Go to [TAB 1] :
Make sure current directory is `insights-proxy`
Run command -

```
SPANDX_CONFIG=../ros-frontend/profiles/local-frontend.js sh scripts/run.sh

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove the extra line here.

```

[TAB 3] ROS Frontend TAB -
Wait till the above steps finish their execution.

```
cd ../ros-frontend
npm install
npm run start
```

4. Follow the steps mentioned under the [ros-backend](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend) repository for setting up local backend server.

5. Once both frontend & backend setup is up and running, go to browser and access it using `https://{ci/qa}.foo.redhat.com:1337/insights/ros` link.

## Running the Tests

> Tests can locally be executed with:

Reviewer 3: Alternate: Tests can be executed with:

```
npm run test
```

Few tests are [Snapshot tests](https://jestjs.io/docs/snapshot-testing) used to verify that current test output matches a snapshot taken before. If these changes are legitimate, the snapshots need to be updated with:

```
npm run test -- -u
```

## Running the lint

```
// to run lint
npm run lint

// to fix lint errors
npm run lint:js:fix

```

## Deployment

Please refer this [link](https://clouddot.pages.redhat.com/docs/dev/getting-started/deploying-frontend.html)

## Documentation

### Technology

* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)

### Major Dependencies used in the Project

- [Insights-Proxy](#insights-proxy)
- [Spandx](#spandx)
- [Insights-Chrome](#insights-chrome)
- [Patternfly](#patternfly)
- [Frontend-Components](#frontend-components)

### Insights-Proxy

> [insights-proxy](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy) - Proxy for the insightsfrontend container

Reviewer 3: insightsfrontend, or insights frontend? I'm not sure either way, please double-check.

Author: @gnurag updated it to `insights frontend` 👍🏻

### Spandx

[spandx](https://github.com/redhataccess/spandx) is an HTTP switchboard. It can be used to weave together pieces of a large, complex website by choosing which resources should come from the local system and which should come from a remote environment.

> For example, spandx can be pointed to production, but route `/static/js` to a local directory, which allows  testing local JS against the production environment. Code in production, it's fun!

Reviewer 3: allows  testing <-- double spaces.

More technically, spandx is a flexible, configuration-based reverse proxy for local development.

### Insights-Chrome

[insights-chrome](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome)- The "wrapper" around your application!

Insights Chrome provides:

> Standard header and navigation

Reviewer 3: Looks like these points should be rendered as bullet points?

Author: I agree @gnurag , updated!
